## SwoleMate Proposal
  For my capstone project, I plan to make a minimal social networking site specifically to share workouts. In the time of covid, while gyms are closed, people are looking to do home-workouts more and more, and I can speak from experience when I say sometimes I just don’t know what to do. Either I’ve exhausted all of my favorite workouts, or I simply don’t know what new workout to trust. 

  My app will have two types of users: those who post, and those who prefer to browse. It’s human nature that some people prefer to remain behind closed doors and therefore will not be posting any of their workouts. For those that DO post, they can choose what equipment they used, roughly how long it took, whether their post is private (only other logged-in users can see it) or public (will appear on the main home page before log-in), and more. 

  To accomplish this, I will be using equipment and muscle data found in the wger.de REST api. I will not be pinging much of the endpoints here, but will simply be using some of the data found there to source equipment choices and muscle groups on the main post form. These options will also be used to filter posts from the home page both pre and post login. 

  My database schema will have users, likely without an admin functionality at this stage, and posts. Users will have first and last name, user/display name, profile picture, email, and password. For this project, I will not be incorporating a followers functionality, but if I choose to build it out further in the future, I may add that functionality. Posts will have an id, a title, muscles, a date_time for the post, equipment list, and a description. They will also have a foreign-key reference to the user id for the user who posted the workout.  I think one issue I may run into is that the API lacks some info I may need and I may thus need to add my own options to it. I therefore may use the API to source the original choices for the forms, and then offer users afn option for “other” which will not be utilized for filters but can be added as a tag of some sort. I will need to secure the passwords that users use to log in, and also will need to secure the private posts they create. Users will reach the home page that will simply have a feed of public posts from users, and an option to sign-up or log in. 

  Upon submission of that form, they arrive at a similar page that allows them to see more detailed views of the posts. They can see all the private AND public posts, and can sort and filter the posts based on different parameters (muscle group and equipment mostly). Users will be able to search for other users once logged in as well, which will help to move this project beyond simple CRUD functionality. Once users are logged in they can add/edit posts, or delete anything they no longer want as one of their posts. They can also delete their account and that will delete all of their posts as well. 

  Proposed name for the project: **SwoleMate**